# Code Of Conduct

## Introduction

The Build Brighton trustees are dedicated to providing a friendly, safe, and
welcoming environment for all. We invite all those who participate in our
community to help us create safe and positive experiences for everyone. This
code applies to everyoneÂ´s conduct whilst in the space or participating in
related public and private communication channels such as Discord.

This code of conduct is in addition to the Rules which cover safety and the
ethos of the space.

## Behaviour in the Space

1. **Respect:** Treat everyone with respect. We are a diverse community of
individuals with different backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives.
2. **Safety:** Prioritize safety. Always use equipment properly and follow
safety guidelines.
3. **Cleanliness:** Keep the space clean. Clean up after yourself and respect
the shared nature of the space.

Please be civil and respectful to other members and their work. Be friendly to
visitors. Generally speaking, if you can't find something positive to say, then
best to not comment at all.

Discriminatory language, harassment, threatening behaviour or aggression is
absolutely not acceptable. If you witness it in the space, then please raise it
with the trustees.

Don't disturb anyone working at machinery or clearly concentrating on their
work.

Do speak up if you see dangerous activity, either directly or raise it with the
trustees. If another member raises a safety concern with you, this should not
be construed as harassment. Engage in constructive dialogue and try to reach an
shared understanding. Do reach out to other members or feel free to raise an
issue with the trustees if in any doubt about working safely.

Do help keep the space clean. It doesn't tidy itself and we do not employ
cleaners. It's a great feeling knowing you have left the area a little tidier
than you found it.

## Behaviour on Discord and Any Other Forums or Media

1. **Positive Communication:** Use respectful language and be considerate of
others' viewpoints. Avoid offensive or derogatory comments.
2. **Privacy:** Respect the privacy of others. Do not share personal information
without consent.
3. **No Spam:** Avoid spamming or posting irrelevant content.

As in real life, keep posts civil and respectful. We have zero tolerance for
discriminatory language.

Always be tactful in your comments and don't make anyone feel bad about their
work. We are a community of amazing makers and the forums are a great place to
build confidence through mutual support. If you can't be positive, don't
comment!

Online harassment or trolling is not acceptable behaviour. Don't do it and if
you are on the receiving end, report it to the trustees to deal with.

## Grievance Procedure

If you experience or witness unacceptable behaviour, please raise it with the
trustees as soon as possible. All reports will be handled with discretion and
confidentiality.

If a conflict cannot be resolved through mediation, the very last resort is a
tribunal led by the trustees. The collective or majority decision of the
trustees is final.

## Administration of this Code

The trustees are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of
acceptable behaviour and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any behaviour that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive,
or harmful.

If you are held to have violated these guidelines by the trustees, you will
normally be warned and may be asked to apologise. However serious violations
may result in an immediate sanction. Repeated violations may result in removal
of trusted status and unsupervised access, or removal from the membership. If a
member is sanctioned, we do not refund tool payments or other fees.

If you witness any persistent breaches of this code, or have any other concerns,
please contact the trustees on Discord or email trustees@buildbrighton.com. The
trustees are powerless to fix problems they are not aware of.

## Conclusion

By participating in our community, you agree to abide by this code of conduct,
and cooperate with the trustees who enforce it. Let's work together to make our
maker space a welcoming and friendly environment for all!

---

_Updated March 2024_
